docs: restore rust plugin content on `main` (#2850)
apollographql/router: docs/source/customizations/custom-binary.mdx

import ElasticNotice from '../../shared/elastic-notice.mdx';

> > ⚠️ **Native Rust plugins are an advanced feature of the Apollo Router.** We recommend _against_ creating them for the following reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **Native Rust plugins are an advanced feature of the Apollo Router.** We _do not recommend_ creating them for the following reasons:
```
